If you're trying to get an award, unless it's the voluntary A service
medal, then maybe you're thinking about it the wrong way. There are
many people who actually do their job, and they try to do it really
well. And then they want an award for it later on. And I think that's
the wrong way to go about it. Basically, if you do your job, you do
what you're told and you do it inefficient, fast manner. Then words
gonna come. Um, sometimes there are unexpected, like the last name
that I got. You know, it was very unexpected, but I could see why they
gave it to me, because I did something very difficult in a really
fast way. Um, but other awards, uh, they they come just from being
on the team, and the leadership generally Davies it out. So if you
don't get an award and you think that you should get award, I say you
just bide your time. And as long as people know you as someone who's
dependable, whose independent, then you get an award